The intention of this file is for note-taking, synopsis, and thoughts on excerpts from..
  Public Opinion by Walter Lippman
  
Chapter 14 - Yes or No
  SubChapter 1-2:
   Synopsis:
    
    Symbols derive their initial meaning from an autoritative figure.
    Time, Distance, Familiarity force people to judge and rely on credibility of authoritative figures representing issues.
    For subjects which we cannot apply our own independence to, we seek to 'multiply the authorities to whom we give a friendly hearing.'
    In debate, 'we can often judge who has won the dialecitcal victory, 
    but we are virtually defenseless against a false premise that none of debaters has challenged, 
    or a neglected aspect hat none of them has brought into the argument'
   
   Personal Thoughts:
    Symbols carry the weight of the invoked image in the mind.
    Words are first symbols, before they are meaning.
    Blind repetition of a word puts focus on the word as a -sound- over a -symbol-,
    which distances the word as a -symbol- from its connotations in the mind,
    resulting in the percieved stripping of meaning from the word as a -sound-.
    
    8/31:
    An unchallenged idea holds non-zero credibility.
    There are always neglected aspects of an argument, and so, the choice is to choose which aspects to focus on. No.
    To gradually interpret and digest the neglected aspects.
    
  SubChapter 3:
    
    How did we get here? Symbols -> Authority -> Hierarchy of Authorities -> Hierarchies in General
    
    Synopsis:  
      In any cooperating structure some such hierarchy exists.
      There are distinctions between the members of the machine and the rank and file.
      The distinctions are in the priviledges that are given to them.
      A lasting and coherant organization respects and protects these privileges and responsibilities.
      
    Personal Thoughts:
      This subchapter is disjuncted and not coherant.
      What are the number of distinctions that cleave the managing from the managed?
      The chain of privilege...

  SubChapter 4:
    The machine is goverened by a handful of individuals compared to the governed.
    While the machine may be swapped out completely by another, one always exists.
    
    Personal Thoughts:
      'Democrats have never come to terms with this commonplace of group life.
       They have invariably{without variation} regarded it as perverse{contrarian}.'
       What is group life? Democrats in this context meaning advocates of democracy?
       As compared to Republicans in support of the Republic?
       If group life means the welfare of the governed, then why is it rejected by the Dems
       .
  SubChapter 5-6:
    Zoned out here. Message was unclear.
    
    
Leaders and the Rank and File
  SubChapter 1:
    Partial Synopsis:
      Symbols are the footholds through which a message can climb. 
      Leaders realize that 'poking about' disintegrates the emotional power of symbols,
      and leads to individualism. 
      
      Personal Thoughts : Why individualism through poking about?
      Poking about breaks concepts, ideas, people, into constitutent parts.
      Each part can be assessed without interference from emotions related to the symbol as a whole.
      A judgement is always made, one way, the other, or in blend on that part.
      After each part is assessed, each with its own nuance of judgement, the cohesive whole is assessed.
      It's rare that the cohesive whole retains the full emotional sway and understanding the symbol once held.
      Not only that - the symbol as a whole cannot be seen as the symbol it once was.
      It can only now be seen as a make-up of cells, each with their own nuanced color.
      Once leveraging it's blurred lines and the viewers distance to project its symbolic image, 
      the symbol finally takes on a clear and intricate set of interrelated parts - an image in hyperfocus - which can be jarring.
      (Like rasterization?)
    
    SubChapter 2:
      Partial Synopsis:
        The politician has a keen awareness of what is visible by the public.
        In the Great War, the cumulative casualty rate was high such that it was undesirable to reveal it to the public, outright.
        Instead, the counts were dispersed over time such that the impact was blunted.
        Policies are preferred that the impact is 'as far possible indirect'.
        Avoid direct taxation. Avoid paying as you go. Make it seem that costs are deflected to the foreigner.
        Popular focus is always on that which can be seen. The affairs of the wealthy draws interest, "but
        not the wastes of the industrial system, which are huge but elusive." 
        "A constructive policy deals with remote and uninteresting factors..."
        "... while a greedy landlord, or a profiteering plumber is visible and immediate."
        The policy so called for by the public, often "follows a different logic from their opinions."
        "A nation may be induced to believe that jacking up the freight rates will make the railroad prosperous."
        But in actuallity it oes not, if the "farmers and shippers .. produce a commodity price beyond what the 
        consumer can pay."
        
      Personal Thoughts:
        On the last point, higher cost to who? What commodities do they produce that will likely rise in price?
        On the points before, oblique policies wrapped and advertised using broad language can be misleading, or synoptic.
        
     SubChapter 3:
        Partial Synopsis:
          Working backwards through the paragraphs: 
            Politicians are in some form censors or propogandists, choosing which facts get seen with the backing of authority
            -> Propoganda is fed the thick middle of the poppulation, with politicians implementing policy to affect the
            the bottom (to appear magnanimous), or the top (to later receive an endorsement).
            -> Policy is rather done in a small way for many people on many small things, than a big way in the void.
            -> Policy needs to address the general feelings of the public (this is the politicians goal), though the policy
               specifics and/or implementation does not matter so much as having the general feelings addresed.
            -> The man is constantly exposed to facts intermingled with suggestions of feelings towards those facts. 
               This is why a policy mysteriously, and uniformly chrystallizes in the minds of the poeple.
               They are fed the solution with the problem. The remedy with the illness.
